implement scheduled instrumentation for TimerTask (#1235)
elastic/apm-agent-java: docs/supported-technologies.asciidoc

NOTE: only classes from the quartz-jobs dependency will be instrumented automatically. For the instrumentation of other jobs the package must be added to the <<config-application-packages>> parameter.
|1.8.0

|TimerTask
|

> |The agent instruments the 'run' method in a package configured in <<config-application-packages>> of any class extending 'java.util.TimerTask', and creates a transaction with the type `scheduled`, representing the job execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The agent instruments the `run` method in a package configured in <<config-application-packages>> of any class extending `java.util.TimerTask`, and creates a transaction with the type `scheduled`, representing the job execution
```
